Hey, what do you guys have in stock?
Could you please give me an overview of what's available?
Hi, I'm curious to know what kind of products you offer.
Yo, what's on the menu today?
'Ello, could you show me what you've got?
Hi there, I'm looking for something new, what can you show me?
Excuse me, I'm interested in checking out your selection.
Hey, what goodies do you have on display?
Sup, mind giving me a rundown of your options?
Um, can you let me know what's up for grabs?
Hey, I'm browsing around, what's in stock?
Hi, I'm in the mood for some retail therapy. What can I choose from?
Hey, I'm just scoping out the scene, what are my choices?
'Ello, I'm on the hunt for something cool, what are my options here?
Hi there, any chance you can show me what you've got in store?
Hey, what's available for a savvy shopper like me?
Sup, mind telling me what's on offer today?
Um, can you help a customer out by showing what's available?
Hey, I'm looking to make a purchase, what can you offer?
Hi, I'm exploring my options, what's in stock?
Hey, I've got my shopping hat on, what's on the table?
'Ello, I'm interested in what you've got, mind filling me in?
Hey, I'm ready to shop, what's up for grabs?
Hi, I'm here to explore, what's in your inventory?
'Sup, mind giving me a sneak peek of what's available?
Hey, I'm ready to spend some cash, what can you show me?
Hi there, I'm curious about your product range, what's on display?
Hey, I'm looking for something fresh, what are the options here?
'Ello, I'm open to suggestions, what do you have?
Hi, I'm in the mood for some retail therapy, what's on the menu?
Hey, I'm browsing around, what can I choose from?
Sup, any chance you can show me what's up for grabs?
Hey, I'm just checking things out, what are my choices?
Hi, I'm on the hunt for something cool, what's available?
'Ello, what's in store for a savvy shopper like me?
Hey there, mind telling me what's on offer today?
Hi, I'm exploring my options, what's in stock?
Hey, what's available for a discerning customer like me?
Sup, I'm interested in your products, mind filling me in?
Hey, I'm looking to make a purchase, what can you offer?
Hi, I'm ready to shop, what's up for grabs?
'Ello, I'm here to explore, what's in your inventory?
Hey, mind giving me a sneak peek of what's available?
Hi there, I'm eager to spend, what can you show me?
Hey, I'm curious about your product range, what's on display?
Sup, I'm looking for something new, what are the options here?
Hey, I'm open to suggestions, what do you have?
Hi, I'm in the mood for some shopping, what's on the menu?
'Ello, I'm browsing around, what can I choose from?
Hey, any chance you can show me what's up for grabs?
Hi, I'm just scoping out the scene, what are my choices?
Sup, I'm on the hunt for something stylish, what's available?
Hey, what's in store for a savvy shopper like me?
Hi there, mind telling me what's on offer today?
Hey, I'm exploring my options, what's in stock?
'Ello, I'm interested in your products, what can you tell me?
Hey, I'm looking to make a purchase, what do you recommend?
Hi, I'm ready to shop, what's up for grabs?
Sup, I'm here to explore, what's in your inventory?
Hey, mind giving me a sneak peek of what's available?
Hey, I'm curious about your product range, what's on display?
Sup, I'm in the market for something fresh, what are the options here?
Hey, I'm open to suggestions, what do you have?
Hi, I'm ready to do some shopping, what's on the menu?
Hi, I'm just checking things out, what are my choices?
Sup, I'm on the hunt for something unique, what's available?
Hey, what's in store for a discerning shopper like me?
Hi there, mind telling me what's on offer today?
'Ello, I'm interested in your products, mind giving me the lowdown?
Hey, I'm looking to make a purchase, what can you offer?
Hi, I'm ready to shop, what's up for grabs?
Sup, I'm here to explore, what's in your inventory?
Hey, mind giving me a sneak peek of what's available?
Hey, I'm curious about your product range, what's on display?
Sup, I'm in the market for something cool, what are the options here?
Hey, I'm open to suggestions, what do you have?
Hi, I'm ready to do some shopping, what's on the menu?
Hi, I'm just checking things out, what are my choices?
Sup, I'm on the hunt for something awesome, what's available?
Hey, what's in store for a stylish shopper like me?
Hi there, mind telling me what's on offer today?
'Ello, I'm interested in your products, what can you tell me?
Hey, I'm looking to make a purchase, what do you recommend?
Hi, I'm ready to shop, what's up for grabs?
Sup, I'm here to explore, what's in your inventory?
Hey, mind giving me a sneak peek of what's available?
Hey, I'm curious about your product range, what's on display?
Sup, I'm in the market for something unique, what are the options here?
Hey, I'm open to suggestions, what do you have?
Hi, I'm ready to do some shopping, what's on the menu?
Excuse me, could you show me what you've got?
Hey there, I'm interested in your offerings, can you give me the details?
'Ello, what kind of products do you folks have?
Hi, mind letting me know what's available?
Hey, I'm curious to see what's on offer, any chance you can help?
Sup, I'm looking for something new, what are my options?
Hi, I'm here to browse, what's in stock?
Hey, what goodies do you have in the store?
Excuse me, I'm on the hunt for some cool stuff, what can I check out?
Um, I'm interested in what you guys have, what's up for grabs?
Hi there, I'm ready to shop, what can I choose from?
Hey, I'm curious about your selection, what's on the table?
'Ello, mind showing me what you've got available?
Sup, I'm in the mood to explore, what's on the menu?
Hi, any chance you can give me an overview of your products?
Hey, I'm just scoping out the scene, what can I consider?
Hi there, I'm browsing around, what's on display?
Excuse me, I'm interested in what's in stock, can you help?
Hey, I'm looking to make a purchase, what options do I have?
'Ello, I'm open to suggestions, what can you recommend?
Sup, I'm ready to spend, what can you show me?
Hi, I'm here to explore, what do you folks offer?
Hey, what's available for someone like me?
Um, any chance you can tell me about your products?
Excuse me, mind giving me a rundown of what's available?
Hey there, I'm curious about what you've got, any info?
'Ello, I'm interested in checking out your range, what can I see?
Sup, I'm on the hunt for something specific, what are the options?
Hi, I'm in the market for something cool, what's up for grabs?
Hey, what do you have that I can choose from?
Excuse me, I'm looking to shop, what's on the menu?
'Ello, what kind of goodies do you guys have?
Hi there, mind showing me what's on offer?
Hey, I'm here to explore, what's in stock?
Sup, I'm in the mood to buy, what can you offer?
Hi, I'm curious about your products, what's available?
'Ello, mind telling me what I can consider?
Excuse me, what's on display today?
Hey, I'm looking to spend, what's up for grabs?
Sup, any chance you can give me a preview of your items?
Hi there, I'm interested in your offerings, what's on the table?
Hey, I'm in the mood for some shopping, what can I check out?
'Ello, I'm here to see what you've got, any recommendations?
Excuse me, what are the options for someone like me?
Hey, I'm curious about what you've got, any suggestions?
Sup, I'm on the hunt for something fresh, what can you show me?
Hi, I'm looking to explore, what's available?
'Ello, mind giving me a sneak peek of your products?
Excuse me, I'm ready to shop, what's on the menu?
Hey, I'm interested in your range, what can I see?
Hi there, I'm in the market for something cool, what's available?
Sup, I'm here to browse, what do you guys have?
Hey, what goodies can you show me today?
'Ello, I'm open to suggestions, what's up for grabs?
Excuse me, I'm looking to make a purchase, what's on offer?
Hey, I'm ready to spend some cash, what can I choose from?
Hi, I'm curious about what you've got, any recommendations?
Sup, I'm on the hunt for something unique, what's available?
'Ello, I'm in the mood for some retail therapy, what do you have?
Excuse me, I'm here to explore, what can you show me?
Hey, any chance you can give me a rundown of your items?
Hi, I'm interested in your offerings, what's on display?
Sup, I'm in the market for something fresh, what options are there?
'Ello, I'm looking to buy, what's available?
Excuse me, I'm ready to do some shopping, what do you recommend?
Hey, I'm curious about your products, what's on the table?
Hi, I'm here to check out your offerings, what can I see?
Sup, I'm in the mood to shop, what's up for grabs?
'Ello, what do you have that I can consider?
Excuse me, I'm interested in what you've got, any suggestions?
Hey, I'm looking to make a purchase, what can you show me?
Hi, I'm ready to spend, what's available?
Sup, I'm curious about your range, what's on offer?
'Ello, I'm open to suggestions, what can you recommend?
Excuse me, I'm here to explore, what can I see?
Hey, any chance you can give me a preview of your products?
Hi, I'm interested in your offerings, what's on the menu?
Sup, I'm in the mood for some retail therapy, what do you have?
'Ello, I'm here to browse, what's available?
Excuse me, I'm ready to shop, what options do you have?
Hey, I'm curious about what you've got, any info?
Hi, I'm looking to explore, what's on display?
Sup, I'm interested in checking out your products, what can you show me?
'Ello, I'm on the hunt for something specific, what are my choices?
Excuse me, I'm in the mood to shop, what's up for grabs?
Hey, I'm here to see what you've got, any recommendations?
Hi, I'm ready to spend some cash, what's available?
Sup, I'm curious about your offerings, what's on the table?
'Ello, I'm interested in what you guys have, what can I consider?
Excuse me, I'm looking to make a purchase, what options are there?
Hey, I'm ready to do some shopping, what's on display?
Hi, I'm here to check out your range, what do you recommend?
Sup, I'm in the mood for some retail therapy, what's available?
'Ello, what do you have that's worth a look?
Excuse me, I'm curious about your products, what's on offer?
Hey, I'm interested in your offerings, what can you show me?
Sup, I'm here to explore, what are my choices?
'Ello, mind telling me what you've got?
Excuse me, I'm looking to shop, what's available?
